the camaraderie between me Frank and
shorty it's that's pretty cool I when I
first come down to these events coming
out of Canada I didn't know a whole
bunch of people and these are the guys
that I looked up to
I watched Frank fight bulls for a lot of
years and that guy just amazed me on a
daily basis and to be able to pull my
bag into that locker room and sit down
beside those guys was it was
nerve-racking is exciting it's pretty
neat experience but just the way that
they embraced me and took me into this
team you know we love each other and and
there's a bond that I don't think will
ever be broken and I think it shows in
our team and the way we work together I
think these guys like family I think
it's a special thing what we got I've
been doing you know going on 18 years
and I've never been around a set of guys
that worked this good together these two
guys that I work with man they're the
greatest Frank you know as far as he
goes this is a guy that that he's got a
sense of these Bulls it you can't train
I don't think you know um can someone
learn it maybe but I think it's born in
you just dirty tough Frank is the
toughest man I've ever met in my life
there's three guys that that when you're
working that get together it just cuts
down on all the a lot of injures you
know because I remember back years ago
having to you know work back work by
yourself or working with guys that
didn't understand team marking you got
hit a lot more you know you had a lot
more injuries
you know Frank keeps us in line I uh I
always get a kick out of Frank because
he he's the calm one out of the bunch
short he's always talking and I'm always
laughing and Frank's keeping us in lines
so we got a good balance on our team for
sure we're all three the same that she's
three guys working on one
you know it doesn't matter who does what
we all know how to do every we all know
how to do every aspect of what we do and
you know it's just a matter when that
gate opens just get the job done just
you know keep that keep that bull riders
safe as you can